Fix auto annotation doc ##2843 (#2847)
openvinotoolkit/cvat: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed cuboid perpective change (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/cvat/pull/2733>)
- Annotation page popups (ai tools, drawing) reset state after detecting, tracking, drawing (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/cvat/pull/2780>)
- Polygon editing using trailing point (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/cvat/pull/2808>)

> - Cannot find Python when deploying models through nuclio if steps are strictly followed in Installation_Automatic_Annotation.md (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/cvat/pull/2847>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the path to python for DL models inside automatic annotation documentation (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/cvat/pull/2847>)
```

- Extra shapes are drawn after Esc, or G pressed while drawing a region in grouping (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/cvat/pull/2507>)
- Reset state (reviews, issues) after logout or changing a job (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/cvat/pull/2525>)
- TypeError: Cannot read property 'id' of undefined when updating a task (<https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/cvat/pull/2544>)

> - Cannot find Python when deploying models through nuclio if steps are strictly followed in Installation_Automatic_Annotation.md

Reviewer: Need to remove one line. I can see the same statement several times in CHANGELOG.md

Author: I just edited it in github web-client. Did it remove the duplicate?
